the dentro says when you're fighting in
the snow if there's lots of snow that
has accumulated do not give up your
position okay that's very important
because even like what we're looking at
right here this 2 inches of snow right
there's not a lot of snow but what we
have what we're looking at is if I take
a step even in this one area that's
still pretty slick if there's snow that
has accumulated it's saying do not give
up your physician we know it's Ernie
over there there's rocks or sand but do
we know it's over here do we know what's
over there and if all it takes into
swords and a sword fight is one slip my
step in the wrong spot and I slip you're
dead so the dent show clearly states if
there's lots of snow accumulated and
you've already engaged make sure that
you don't give up your position you stay
in a firm spot each time and you make
them come after you however it says that
if it's flurrying and there's not a lot
of accumulation or if the snow is coming
down like now it's Florian make sure
that as the snow is coming down you tilt
your head down you want to fight what's
your head down I can still see my
opponent but my head is down now why
would I want to fight from of my head
down rather than like this why would my
head down so the so does in your eyes so
the snow doesn't get into my eyes I'm
not messing with my own vision the next
thing it says is always keep your weapon
in a high position now why would we want
to put in a high position why would I
want him to keep looking up cuz if you
guys look God what it seems look see how
bright it is yeah your jet you're
messing with their vision so again I'm
keeping my head down I'm focusing on the
opponent it's snowing head down focus on
the opponent high position and I'm doing
you know I'm in the position that he has
to look at the blade what I don't want
to do is keep it like this so i can see
could see my weapon
the contrast of what I'm wearing do you
see me and I want to put it in a
situation where he has to look at it a
different contrast now there's lots of
snow accumulated again I want to bang
him and come into me
you